Clarify when a miner id can be found on the dashboard. (#340)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/mine/spacerace.md

- Maintain a deal success average of 80% or greater for both storage and retrieval deals.
- Demonstrate at least one [sector upgrade](#how-do-i-demonstrate-a-sector-upgrade) per miner.

> - Late registration is now open, register your miner(s) by submitting your individual or company info via the [Competition Dashboard](https://spacerace.filecoin.io/), **before 22:00 UTC, Thursday, Sept 10th**. Note that late registration is **only** open for new miners(those not seen on chain before and who don't have another miner in the race). After subitting the registration form, it will generate a message for your miner to sign and submit. Miners that qualify for rewards will also need to pass an AML/KYC check after the competition ends.

Reviewer: Keep the list structured to put the rules/requirements first, and preserve original deadline in text so we can use as reference for miners who failed to meet it.

```suggestion
- Register your miner(s) by submitting your individual or company info via the [Competition Dashboard](https://spacerace.filecoin.io/). After submitting the registration form, it will generate a message for your miner to sign and submit. Miners that qualify for rewards will also need to pass an AML/KYC check after the competition ends. [**Note:** Standard registration (for miners already mining) closed at 22:00 UTC, Monday, August 31. Late registration (for new miners not seen on chain before and who don't have another miner in the race) is open until **22:00 UTC, Thursday, Sept 10th**.]
```

Block Rewards standings are listed on the [Block Rewards Dashboard](https://reward.testnet.filecoin.io/), and network stats on the [Testnet Network Stats](https://stats.testnet.filecoin.io/) page.

> #### I've registered my miner, however, I can't find it on the Space Race dashboard, anything else I need to do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### I can't find my miner on the Space Race dashboard. Anything else I need to do?
```

separate registration (nickname/claiming) question from visibility

> Note that the [Space Race Dashboard](https://spacerace.filecoin.io) only shows deals result, which means you have to complete sealing at least one deal before your miner to be listed on the dashboard. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Space Race Dashboard](https://spacerace.filecoin.io) only shows miners after they have at least one sealed sector. To check if your miner has finished sealing its first sector, run `PLACEHOLDER FOR COMMAND` and look for `PLACEHOLDER FOR OUTPUT`.
```

Small clarification: there are 2 types of sectors that can be sealed: CommittedCapacity sectors (with no deals) and sectors with deals. The dashboard shows miners with at least one sector sealed (of either type). Typically in Space Race miners will start sealing a CC sector immediately, get on the power table/dash asap, and then start receiving deals from the dealbot to seal into additional sectors.

Please ask @arajasek or in Slack for the command & output to check for a first sealed sector.

Reviewer 2: `lotus state active-sectors <minerId>` is a neat CLI way to do this (lists all active sectors).

Author: @mishmosh correct me if im wrong, according to [this](https://filecoinproject.slack.com/archives/G016VJ2J5DM/p1598601326014000?thread_ts=1598600903.012400&cid=G016VJ2J5DM) it seems like the deal must be sealed?

Author: > `lotus state active-sectors <minerId>` is a neat CLI way to do this (lists all active sectors).

and then they'll be using `lotus-miner sectors status <id>` to see the status of hat sector?

Reviewer: @jennijuju Great question. That thread was referring to when *deal* success/fail would show up in the Storage Deal and Retrieval Deal columns - and yes that requires the deal to be sealed.

But this question (as phrased) is about when the miner itself is visible - and that is after the first sector is active.

Author: Ah I see thanks for confirming! Will make the change !
